- **2023-12-08 v1.2.2**
> **LOGS**
>- Fix several bugs.
>>- Active python support in image.
>>- Fix path of static resources.
>>- Support new bilibili api.
>- Fix all functions to support docker environment.

> **Fix in next version**
>- Recorder function

- **2023-12-05 v1.2.1**
> **LOGS**
>- Use docker for deploy. Refactor whole CI process.
>>- Setup 2 docker image (dev branch -> dev; main branch -> prod)
>>- Setup makefile for deploy
>- Fix all functions to support docker environment.

> **Fix in next version**
>- Fix reverse function. Only tts works now
>- static resource couldn't be loaded

- **2023-11-26 v1.2.0**
> **LOGS**
>- Refactor ip info function. Abort php dependency.
>

- **2023-11-19 v1.1.2**
> **LOGS**
>- Bump up kvision to [7.1.0](https://github.com/rjaros/kvision/releases/tag/7.1.0)
>- Remove blog, abort Wordpress
>
> **TO-DO**
>- recorder.js need fix.
>- prepare abort php dependency

- **2023-07-29 v1.1.1 patch**
> **LOGS**
>- Change link from server.hikki.top because of some special reasons. (Consider change domain provider...)

- **2023-06-18 v1.1.1**
> **LOGS**
>- Release CI v1.0
>
> **TO-DO**
>>- Upgrade CI

- **2023-05-05 v1.1**
> **LOGS**
>- Add regular expression playground
>
> **TO-DO**
>>- Deploy CI

- **2023-01-29 v1.0.2**
> **LOGS**
>- Add y2mate (youtube video download) link after thumbnail download.
>- Update footer.
>
> **TO-DO**
>>- Webpack deploy. *(low priority)*

- **2023-01-23 v1.0.1**
> **LOGS**
>- Fix the IP Geo features. Now you can check your ip info.
>
> **TO-DO**
>>- The deployment of KVision is kinda fragile. Hope I can fix that in few weeks.
>>- Consider pipeline of deploy. *(low priority)* 🤔

- **2023-01-22 v1.0.0**
> **LOGS**
>- Deployed on http://hikki.top
>- Features
>>- Audio Reverser
>>- Video Thumbnail download(youtube, bilibili)
>>- WordPress blog has been migrated to http://blog.hikki.top
>>
> **TO-DO**
>>- Fix IP Geo features
>>- The deployment of KVision is kinda weird, I'm gonna to fix that.*(low priority)*